bin/README.md, before:

<h4 align="right"><strong>English</strong> | <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/blob/master/bin/README_CN.md">简体中文</a></h4>

## Installation

Ensure that your Node.js version is 16.0 or higher (e.g., 16.8). Avoid using `sudo` for the installation. If you encounter permission issues with npm, refer to [How to fix npm throwing error without sudo](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16151018/how-to-fix-npm-throwing-error-without-sudo).

```bash
npm install pake-cli -g 
```

## Considerations for Windows & Linux Users

- **CRITICAL**: Consult [Tauri prerequisites](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites) before proceeding.
- For Windows users (ensure that `Win10 SDK (10.0.19041.0)` and `Visual Studio build tool 2022 (>=17.2)` are installed), additional installations are required:

  1. Microsoft Visual C++ 2015-2022 Redistributable (x64)
  2. Microsoft Visual C++ 2015-2022 Redistributable (x86)
  3. Microsoft Visual C++ 2012 Redistributable (x86) (optional)
  4. Microsoft Visual C++ 2013 Redistributable (x86) (optional)
  5. Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable (x86) (optional)

- For Ubuntu users, execute the following commands to install the required libraries before compiling:

  ```bash
  sudo apt install libdbus-1-dev \
      libsoup2.4-dev \
      libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-dev \
      libwebkit2gtk-4.0-dev \
      build-essential \
      curl \
      wget \
      libssl-dev \
      libgtk-3-dev \
      libayatana-appindicator3-dev \
      librsvg2-dev \
      gnome-video-effects \
      gnome-video-effects-extra
  ```

## Usage

### Development
The `DEFAULT_DEV_PAKE_OPTIONS` configuration in `bin/defaults.ts` can be modified at development time to match the `pake-cli` configuration description.

```typescript
export const DEFAULT_DEV_PAKE_OPTIONS: PakeCliOptions & {url: string} = {
  ...DEFAULT_PAKE_OPTIONS,
  url: 'https://weread.qq.com',
  name: 'Weread',
}
```

then


```bash
yarn cli:dev
```

The script will reads the above configuration and packages the specified `app` using `watch` mode, and changes to the `pake-cli` code and `pake` are hot updated in real time.

### CLI Usage

```bash
pake [url] [options]
```

The packaged application will be located in the current working directory by default. The first packaging might take some time due to environment configuration. Please be patient.

> **Note**: Packaging requires the Rust environment. If Rust is not installed, you will be prompted for installation confirmation. In case of installation failure or timeout, you can [install it manually](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

### [url]

The URL is the link to the web page you want to package or the path to a local HTML file. This is mandatory.

### [options]

Various options are available for customization. You can pass corresponding arguments during packaging to achieve the desired configuration.

#### [name]

Specify the application name. If not provided, you will be prompted to enter it. It is recommended to use English.

```shell
--name <value>
```

#### [icon]

Specify the application icon. Supports both local and remote files. By default, it uses the Pake brand icon. For custom icons, visit [icon icons](https://icon-icons.com) or [macOSicons](https://macosicons.com/#/).

- For macOS, use `.icns` format.
- For Windows, use `.ico` format.
- For Linux, use `.png` format.

```shell
--icon <path>
```

#### [height]

Set the height of the application window. Default is `780px`.

```shell
--height <number>
```

#### [width]

Set the width of the application window. Default is `1200px`.

```shell
--width <number>
```

#### [transparent]

Enable or disable immersive header. Default is `false`. Use the following command to enable this feature, macOS only.

```shell
--transparent
```

#### [always-on-top]
Enable the always-on-top feature. Default is `false`.

```shell
--always-on-top
```

#### [fullscreen]

Determine whether the application launches in full screen. Default is `false`. Use the following command to enable full screen.

```shell
--fullscreen
```

#### [multi-arch]

Package the application to support both Intel and M1 chips, exclusively for macOS. Default is `false`.

##### Prerequisites

- Note: After enabling this option, Rust must be installed using rustup from the official Rust website. Installation via brew is not supported.
- For Intel chip users, install the arm64 cross-platform package to support M1 chips using the following command:

```shell
rustup target add aarch64-apple-darwin
```

- For M1 chip users, install the x86 cross-platform package to support Intel chips using the following command:

```shell
rustup target add x86_64-apple-darwin
```

##### Usage

```shell
--multi-arch
```

#### [targets]

Select the output package format for Linux. Options include `deb`, `appimage`, or `all`. If `all` is selected, both `deb` and `appimage` will be packaged. Default is `all`.

```shell
--targets <format>
```

#### [user-agent]

Customize the browser user agent. Default is empty.

```shell
--user-agent <value>
```

#### [show-system-tray]

Display the system tray. Default is not to display. Use the following command to enable the system tray.

```shell
--show-system-tray
```

#### [system-tray-icon]

Specify the system tray icon. This is only effective when the system tray is enabled. The icon must be in `.ico` or `.png` format and should be an image with dimensions ranging from 32x32 to 256x256 pixels.

```shell
--system-tray-icon <path>
```

#### [iter-copy-file]

Enable recursive copying. When the URL is a local file path, enabling this option will copy the folder containing the file specified in the URL, as well as all sub-files, to the Pake static folder. This is disabled by default.

```shell
--iter-copy-file
```

#### [inject]
Using `inject`, you can inject local absolute and relative path `css` and `js` files into the page you specify the `url` to customize it.  For example, an adblock script that can be applied to any web page, or a `css` that optimizes the `UI` of a page, you can write it once to customize it. would only need to write the `app` once to generalize it to any other page.

```shell
--inject ./tools/style.css,./tools/hotkey.js
```

#### [safe-domain]
This secure domain is a domain other than your currently configured `url` to which you may be redirected or jumped to, and only in domains that have been configured as secure can you use `tauri` to expose `api` to browsers to ensure that pake's built-in enhancements work correctly. Only in a domain that has been configured as secure can you use the `tauri` to expose the `api` to the browser, ensuring that `pake's` built-in enhancements work correctly.

PS: Secure domains do not need to carry protocols.


```shell
--safe-domain weread.qq.com,google.com
```

## Conclusion

After completing the above steps, your application should be successfully packaged. Please note that the packaging process may take some time depending on your system configuration and network conditions. Be patient, and once the packaging is complete, you can find the application installer in the specified directory.

Commit message:

:sparkles: Support always-one-top and disabled-web-shortcuts

bin/README.md, after:

<h4 align="right"><strong>English</strong> | <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/blob/master/bin/README_CN.md">简体中文</a></h4>

## Installation

Ensure that your Node.js version is 16.0 or higher (e.g., 16.8). Avoid using `sudo` for the installation. If you encounter permission issues with npm, refer to [How to fix npm throwing error without sudo](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16151018/how-to-fix-npm-throwing-error-without-sudo).

```bash
npm install pake-cli -g 
```

## Considerations for Windows & Linux Users

- **CRITICAL**: Consult [Tauri prerequisites](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites) before proceeding.
- For Windows users (ensure that `Win10 SDK (10.0.19041.0)` and `Visual Studio build tool 2022 (>=17.2)` are installed), additional installations are required:

  1. Microsoft Visual C++ 2015-2022 Redistributable (x64)
  2. Microsoft Visual C++ 2015-2022 Redistributable (x86)
  3. Microsoft Visual C++ 2012 Redistributable (x86) (optional)
  4. Microsoft Visual C++ 2013 Redistributable (x86) (optional)
  5. Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable (x86) (optional)

- For Ubuntu users, execute the following commands to install the required libraries before compiling:

  ```bash
  sudo apt install libdbus-1-dev \
      libsoup2.4-dev \
      libjavascriptcoregtk-4.0-dev \
      libwebkit2gtk-4.0-dev \
      build-essential \
      curl \
      wget \
      libssl-dev \
      libgtk-3-dev \
      libayatana-appindicator3-dev \
      librsvg2-dev \
      gnome-video-effects \
      gnome-video-effects-extra
  ```

## Usage

### Development
The `DEFAULT_DEV_PAKE_OPTIONS` configuration in `bin/defaults.ts` can be modified at development time to match the `pake-cli` configuration description.

```typescript
export const DEFAULT_DEV_PAKE_OPTIONS: PakeCliOptions & {url: string} = {
  ...DEFAULT_PAKE_OPTIONS,
  url: 'https://weread.qq.com',
  name: 'Weread',
}
```

then

```bash
yarn cli:dev
```

The script will read the above configuration and packages the specified `app` using `watch` mode, and changes to the `pake-cli` code and `pake` are hot updated in real time.

### CLI Usage

```bash
pake [url] [options]
```

The packaged application will be located in the current working directory by default. The first packaging might take some time due to environment configuration. Please be patient.

> **Note**: Packaging requires the Rust environment. If Rust is not installed, you will be prompted for installation confirmation. In case of installation failure or timeout, you can [install it manually](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

### [url]

The URL is the link to the web page you want to package or the path to a local HTML file. This is mandatory.

### [options]

Various options are available for customization. You can pass corresponding arguments during packaging to achieve the desired configuration.

#### [name]

Specify the application name. If not provided, you will be prompted to enter it. It is recommended to use English.

```shell
--name <value>
```

#### [icon]

Specify the application icon. Supports both local and remote files. By default, it uses the Pake brand icon. For custom icons, visit [icon icons](https://icon-icons.com) or [macOSicons](https://macosicons.com/#/).

- For macOS, use `.icns` format.
- For Windows, use `.ico` format.
- For Linux, use `.png` format.

```shell
--icon <path>
```

#### [height]

Set the height of the application window. Default is `780px`.

```shell
--height <number>
```

#### [width]

Set the width of the application window. Default is `1200px`.

```shell
--width <number>
```

#### [transparent]

Enable or disable immersive header. Default is `false`. Use the following command to enable this feature, macOS only.

```shell
--transparent
```

#### [fullscreen]

Determine whether the application launches in full screen. Default is `false`. Use the following command to enable full
screen.

```shell
--fullscreen
```

#### [always-on-top]

Sets whether the window is always at the top level, defaults to `false`.

```shell
--always-on-top
```

#### [disabled-web-shortcuts]

Sets whether to disable web shortcuts in the original Pake container, defaults to `false`.

```shell
--disabled-web-shortcuts
```

#### [multi-arch]

Package the application to support both Intel and M1 chips, exclusively for macOS. Default is `false`.

##### Prerequisites

- Note: After enabling this option, Rust must be installed using rustup from the official Rust website. Installation via brew is not supported.
- For Intel chip users, install the arm64 cross-platform package to support M1 chips using the following command:

```shell
rustup target add aarch64-apple-darwin
```

- For M1 chip users, install the x86 cross-platform package to support Intel chips using the following command:

```shell
rustup target add x86_64-apple-darwin
```

##### Usage

```shell
--multi-arch
```

#### [targets]

Select the output package format for Linux. Options include `deb`, `appimage`, or `all`. If `all` is selected, both `deb` and `appimage` will be packaged. Default is `all`.

```shell
--targets <format>
```

#### [user-agent]

Customize the browser user agent. Default is empty.

```shell
--user-agent <value>
```

#### [show-system-tray]

Display the system tray. Default is not to display. Use the following command to enable the system tray.

```shell
--show-system-tray
```

#### [system-tray-icon]

Specify the system tray icon. This is only effective when the system tray is enabled. The icon must be in `.ico` or `.png` format and should be an image with dimensions ranging from 32x32 to 256x256 pixels.

```shell
--system-tray-icon <path>
```

#### [iter-copy-file]

Enable recursive copying. When the URL is a local file path, enabling this option will copy the folder containing the file specified in the URL, as well as all sub-files, to the Pake static folder. This is disabled by default.

```shell
--iter-copy-file
```

#### [inject]

Using `inject`, you can inject local absolute and relative path `css` and `js` files into the page you specify the `url` to customize it.  For example, an adblock script that can be applied to any web page, or a `css` that optimizes the `UI` of a page, you can write it once to customize it. would only need to write the `app` once to generalize it to any other page.

```shell
--inject ./tools/style.css,./tools/hotkey.js
```

#### [safe-domain]

This secure domain is a domain other than your currently configured `url` to which you may be redirected or jumped to, and only in domains that have been configured as secure can you use `tauri` to expose `api` to browsers to ensure that pake's built-in enhancements work correctly. Only in a domain that has been configured as secure can you use the `tauri` to expose the `api` to the browser, ensuring that `pake's` built-in enhancements work correctly.

PS: Secure domains do not need to carry protocols.

```shell
--safe-domain weread.qq.com,google.com
```

#### [debug]

The typed package has dev-tools for debugging, in addition to outputting more log messages for debugging.

```shell
--debug
```

## Conclusion

After completing the above steps, your application should be successfully packaged. Please note that the packaging process may take some time depending on your system configuration and network conditions. Be patient, and once the packaging is complete, you can find the application installer in the specified directory.
