README_EN.md, before:

<p align="left"><a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake">中文</a> | <strong>English</strong></p>
<p align="center">
  <img src=https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/k/fa/logo-modified.png width=138/>
  <h1 align="center">Pake</h1>
  <div align="left">A simple way to package a web page with Rust to create Mac App, using Tauri as underlying layer, supporting WeRead、Twitter、Youtube、Reference、Flomo、Witeboard、YuQue、RunCode、Vercel、V2EX、Tools, detailed development tutorial can be seen at the bottom.</div>
</p>

## Features

🏂 **Small**：Nearly 40 times smaller than the Electron shell package, less than 3M ([Data](https://static.tw93.fun/img/pakedata.png)).  
😂 **Fast**：Using the Rust Tauri, the performance experience is much lighter and faster than JS, memory is much smaller.  
🩴 **Special**：Not just packaged, with universal shortcut pass-through, immersive windows, drag-and-drop, packaged style compatibility.  
🐶 **Toy**：Just a very simple little toy, a way to play with Rust instead of the old idea of shelling the web

## Download

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>WeRead <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/WeRead.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>Twitter <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Twitter.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/17dC9I.jpg width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/mc41xq.jpg width=600/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>YouTube <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/YouTube.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>Reference <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Reference.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/Ea5ZRw.png width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/KFsZIY.png width=600/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>RunCode <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/RunCode.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>Witeboard <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Witeboard.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/EB1OYP.jpg width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/CW0p3q.jpg width=600/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Flomo <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Flomo.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>YuQue <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/YuQue.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/jg9Eeu.jpg width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/RwmWtV.jpg width=600/></td>
    </tr>
</table>

More common apps can be downloaded from [Release](https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases).

## Shortcuts

1. `command + [`：Return to the previous page
2. `command + ]`：Go to the next page
3. `command + ↑`：Auto scroll to top of page
4. `command + ↓`：Auto scroll to bottom of page
5. `command + r`：Refresh Page
6. `command + w`：Hide window, not quite
7. `command + -`：ZoomOut Page
8. `command + =`：ZoomIn Page
9. `command + 0`：Reset Page zoom

In addition, it supports double clicking the head to switch to full screen, and dragging the head to move the window

## Development

Refer to the [Tauri documentation](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites#setting-up-macos) to quickly configure your environment before you start, if you want to package Windows or Linux systems, you can refer to [Building](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/building/) Documentation.

```sh
// Install Dependencies
npm i

// Local development
npm run dev

// Pack
npm run build
```

## New pack

1. Modify the `tauri.conf.json` in the `src-tauri` directory to include 5 fields `url, productName, icon, title, identifier`, icon can be selected from the `icons` directory or downloaded from [macOSicons](https://macosicons.com/#/) to match the product.
2. For window property settings, you can modify the `width/height` of the `windows` property in `tauri.conf.json`, whether it is `fullscreen`, whether it is `resizable`, if you are not good at adapting immersive headers, you can set `transparent` to `true` and you're done.
3. `npm run dev` for local debugging, and open the devtools comments in `main.rs` (search for `_devtools`) for container debugging.
4. `npm run build` can be run to package, if you have devtools mode open, remember to comment it out.

## Advanced

#### 1. How do I rewrite the style, e.g. to remove ads from the original site, or even redesign it?

First open devtools debug mode, find the name of the style you want to change and verify the effect in devtools first, find the location of the style in `pake.js` with `style.innerHTML` and add the style you need to override, there are some examples you can copy. Remember to remove the devtools comments before packaging.

#### 2. How to inject js code, e.g. to implement event listeners, e.g. keyboard shortcuts?

Refer to the event listener in `pake.js` with `document.addEventListener`, and write it directly, it's more of a basic front-end technique here.

#### 3. How to communicate with Pake about events in containers, such as dragging and dropping, scrolling, special clicks on the Web, etc.?

Refer to the communication code in `pake.js` with `postMessage`, write the event listener and then use `window.ipc.postMessage` to pass the event and its parameters, then refer to the container to receive events `window.drag_window` and handle them yourself, for more information, refer to tauri and wry's official documentation.

## Support

- I have two cats, one is called TangYuan, and one is called Coke, If you think Pake makes your life better, you can give my cats <a href="https://miaoyan.app/cats.html?name=Pake" target="_blank">feed canned food 🥩🍤</a>.
- If you like Pake, you can star it in Github. We are more welcome to [recommend Pake](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://github.com/tw93/Pake&text=Pake%20-%20A%20simple%20Rust%20packaged%20web%20pages%20to%20generate%20Mac%20App%20tool,%20compared%20to%20traditional%20Electron%20package,%20the%20size%20of%20nearly%2040%20times%20smaller,%20generally%20about%202M,%20the%20underlying%20use%20of%20Tauri,%20performance%20experience%20than%20the%20JS%20framework%20is%20much%20lighter~) to your like-minded friends.
- You can follow my [Twitter](https://twitter.com/HiTw93) to get the latest news of Pake, or join [Telegram](https://t.me/miaoyan) chat group.

## Finally

1. I hope that you will enjoy playing with it and let me know if you have any new ideas.
2. If you find a page that would be great for a Mac App, please let me know and I'll add it to the list.

Commit message:

docs: Update description of DevTools
Recommand people using `npm run dev:withtool`
instead of the old “comment” way.

README_EN.md, after:

<p align="left"><a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake">中文</a> | <strong>English</strong></p>
<p align="center">
  <img src=https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/k/fa/logo-modified.png width=138/>
  <h1 align="center">Pake</h1>
  <div align="left">A simple way to package a web page with Rust to create Mac App, using Tauri as underlying layer, supporting WeRead、Twitter、Youtube、Reference、Flomo、Witeboard、YuQue、RunCode、Vercel、V2EX、Tools, detailed development tutorial can be seen at the bottom.</div>
</p>

## Features

🏂 **Small**：Nearly 40 times smaller than the Electron shell package, less than 3M ([Data](https://static.tw93.fun/img/pakedata.png)).
😂 **Fast**：Using the Rust Tauri, the performance experience is much lighter and faster than JS, memory is much smaller.
🩴 **Special**：Not just packaged, with universal shortcut pass-through, immersive windows, drag-and-drop, packaged style compatibility.
🐶 **Toy**：Just a very simple little toy, a way to play with Rust instead of the old idea of shelling the web

## Download

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>WeRead <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/WeRead.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>Twitter <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Twitter.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/17dC9I.jpg width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/mc41xq.jpg width=600/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>YouTube <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/YouTube.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>Reference <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Reference.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/Ea5ZRw.png width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/KFsZIY.png width=600/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>RunCode <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/RunCode.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>Witeboard <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Witeboard.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/EB1OYP.jpg width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/CW0p3q.jpg width=600/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Flomo <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/Flomo.dmg">Download</a></td>
        <td>YuQue <a href="https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases/latest/download/YuQue.dmg">Download</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/jg9Eeu.jpg width=600/></td>
        <td><img src=https://cdn.fliggy.com/upic/RwmWtV.jpg width=600/></td>
    </tr>
</table>

More common apps can be downloaded from [Release](https://github.com/tw93/Pake/releases).

## Shortcuts

1. `command + [`：Return to the previous page
2. `command + ]`：Go to the next page
3. `command + ↑`：Auto scroll to top of page
4. `command + ↓`：Auto scroll to bottom of page
5. `command + r`：Refresh Page
6. `command + w`：Hide window, not quite
7. `command + -`：ZoomOut Page
8. `command + =`：ZoomIn Page
9. `command + 0`：Reset Page zoom

In addition, it supports double clicking the head to switch to full screen, and dragging the head to move the window

## Development

Refer to the [Tauri documentation](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites#setting-up-macos) to quickly configure your environment before you start, if you want to package Windows or Linux systems, you can refer to [Building](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/building/) Documentation.

```sh
// Install Dependencies
npm i

// Local development
npm run dev

// Pack
npm run build
```

## New pack

1. Modify the `tauri.conf.json` in the `src-tauri` directory to include 5 fields `url, productName, icon, title, identifier`, icon can be selected from the `icons` directory or downloaded from [macOSicons](https://macosicons.com/#/) to match the product.
2. For window property settings, you can modify the `width/height` of the `windows` property in `tauri.conf.json`, whether it is `fullscreen`, whether it is `resizable`, if you are not good at adapting immersive headers, you can set `transparent` to `true` and you're done.
3. `npm run dev` for local debugging; `npm run dev:withtool` to  open the devtools for container debugging.
4. `npm run build` can be run to package for production.

## Advanced

#### 1. How do I rewrite the style, e.g. to remove ads from the original site, or even redesign it?

First, open devtools debug mode with `npm run dev:withtool`. After that, find the name of the style you want to change and verify the effect in devtools, and find the location of the style in `pake.js` with `style.innerHTML`. Finally, add the style you need to override, there are some examples you can copy.

#### 2. How to inject js code, e.g. to implement event listeners, e.g. keyboard shortcuts?

Refer to the event listener in `pake.js` with `document.addEventListener`, and write it directly, it's more of a basic front-end technique here.

#### 3. How to communicate with Pake about events in containers, such as dragging and dropping, scrolling, special clicks on the Web, etc.?

Refer to the communication code in `pake.js` with `postMessage`, write the event listener and then use `window.ipc.postMessage` to pass the event and its parameters, then refer to the container to receive events `window.drag_window` and handle them yourself, for more information, refer to tauri and wry's official documentation.

## Support

- I have two cats, one is called TangYuan, and one is called Coke, If you think Pake makes your life better, you can give my cats <a href="https://miaoyan.app/cats.html?name=Pake" target="_blank">feed canned food 🥩🍤</a>.
- If you like Pake, you can star it in Github. We are more welcome to [recommend Pake](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?url=https://github.com/tw93/Pake&text=Pake%20-%20A%20simple%20Rust%20packaged%20web%20pages%20to%20generate%20Mac%20App%20tool,%20compared%20to%20traditional%20Electron%20package,%20the%20size%20of%20nearly%2040%20times%20smaller,%20generally%20about%202M,%20the%20underlying%20use%20of%20Tauri,%20performance%20experience%20than%20the%20JS%20framework%20is%20much%20lighter~) to your like-minded friends.
- You can follow my [Twitter](https://twitter.com/HiTw93) to get the latest news of Pake, or join [Telegram](https://t.me/miaoyan) chat group.

## Finally

1. I hope that you will enjoy playing with it and let me know if you have any new ideas.
2. If you find a page that would be great for a Mac App, please let me know and I'll add it to the list.
